Xiao He is so interesting today
Encounter a neuropathy
Are you going to fire me?
Ah, that's right.
I won't apologize today if I fire your father
I'd like to see how you fire me
Bad uncle, you are not allowed to laugh at my father
My dad is awesome
Rural uncles have to listen to my father
Don't plan the dragon and sky indiscriminately
Dragon Guard by Long Shuai's side
That's right.
All the big ones are sick.
Do you think you are Long Shuai?
Also delusional about commanding the dragon guards
I think you are hoping to go to the hospital to have a look at your head.
Come on, there will always be times when you cry
Okay, stop acting
For the sake of your brains
I'll give you a chance to let you go
Now scram
Don't get in the way of our business.
Otherwise, I'll call security.
See if I give you a chance, you are useless
Then don't blame me for being rude.
Hello, Sister Dong
The car dealership has a sale.
Very arrogant attitude
defiant
The service attitude is very bad
Fire now
settlement salary
Attack and kill in the industry in the future
Never Destiny